so internships are a great way to kind of test the waters in different
aspects of the field of psychology. So some people do internships that
air at specific places, like maybe or working with certain populations,
like working with kids or working with older adults. Um, you
could also, though, work in a research laboratory, like with a faculty
member, and that will also fulfill your internship requirement.
So I would say, Look into what's most interesting to you, particularly
in terms of like what you think you might want to be doing five years
from now and see if you can find an internship that something like
that, because it will give you a taste of that.